>>>DOCUMENT

######################################################################

title::     How To Release the Publish Program

author::    Don Johnson

copyright:: 2005, Don Johnson

######################################################################

This is a simple checklist of the steps involved in releasing an
updated copy of the publish program.  I tend to release the program
often after making only a few minor updates.

step:: **Check everything into subversion** - After making necessary
changes and updating the ||CHANGELOG.txt| file, check everything into
subversion.

step:: **Create the Windows Executable** - Double click on the
||make.bat|| file in Windows explorer and everything else should be
automatic.  It takes 60 seconds or so for the perl packager to create
the ||publish.exe|| file which is a self-contained Windows executable
version of the publish script.

step:: **Copy windows executable to ||/bin|| directory** - I always
keep a copy of the latest version of ||publish.exe|| in my ||C:\bin||
directory which is in my ||PATH||.

step:: **Test** - The first step is to test the program to make sure
it doesn't contain any glaring bugs.  This is very easy with this
publish program since publishing the documentation for the program is
designed to test many of the features.  The program still needs to be
tested in the following ways, however:

- Run the Windows standalone executable.  Double-clicking on the
windows executable (||publish.exe||) should bring up the GUI.  Publish
the documentation as PDF, HTML, XML, and RTF to make sure everything
is working properly.

- Run the Windows executable from the command line.  Make sure the
||publish.exe|| file is in a directory specified in your ||PATH||
environment variable, open up a DOS window, navigate to the
||publish/documentation|| directory and run ||publish -r html
how-to-use-publish.txt|| [[Enter]].

- Run the Perl script.  You should be able to double click on the
||publish.pl|| file and as long as you've got Perl and all of the
pre-requisite perl modules installed, the program should run

step:: **SVN Export** - Export a copy of the ||publish|| directory so
it doesn't contain all the ||.svn|| subdirectories, these don't need
to be distributed.  (Delete the previously exported directory, and zip
archive if any.) Right click on the ||publish|| working directory and
select ~~TortoiseSVN~~ -> ~~Export...~~.  Be sure to ~~de-select~~ the
checkbox that says ``Export unversioned files too'' or else you'll get
all the ||.svn|| sub-directories in the exported directory.  I usually
just export to my Desktop.

step:: **Copy the Windows executable into the exported folder** - We
want the Windows executable to be part of the zip archive.  But, since
we don't keep it under revision control, it didn't get exported.  Copy
the ||publish.exe|| file from the working directory into the exported
directory on the desktop.

step:: **Create a zip archive** - Create a zip archive of the
||publish|| directory to be posted to the web.  I just right-click on
the exported ||publish|| folder on the desktop and select ~~WinZip~~
-> ~~Add to publish.zip~~.  The zip archive is typically a little over
4MB.

step:: **Post updated files to the Web** - Post updated copies of
||publish.exe||, ||publish.pl||, and ||publish.zip|| to
http:://www.donjohnson.net/projects/publish/.  Be sure to update the
dates in the titles to the current release date.

step:: **Update the CHANGELOG on the web** - This lets users see what
has changed so they can judge whether or not they need to download the
latest version.

step:: **Send email notifications** - I notify certain users via email
whenever I release a new version.

######################################################################
# Local Emacs Variables

# Local Variables:
# mode: outline
# mode: refill
# coding: us-ascii
# fill-column: 70
# End:

######################################################################

<<<DOCUMENT

