>>>DOCUMENT

######################################################################

title:: Functional Requirements Document

subtitle:: SML Data Format[linebreak]and[linebreak]SML Software Library

author:: Don Johnson (drj826@acm.org)

copyright:: 2002-2012, Don Johnson

doctype:: book

logo_image_small:: files/images/sml_logo.png

logo_image_center:: files/images/sml_logo.png

version:: 0.5

revision:: $Revision: 15138 $

date:: $Date: 2013-07-07 09:35:23 -0600 (Sun, 07 Jul 2013) $

use_formal_status:: 1

# [#v:tmpl/item-summary.txt:6530]

######################################################################
# Revisions

---REVISIONS

rev:: 0.5 = 2012-03-25 = Added rq-000201 "Validate Allowed Entity
Properties", and rq-000202 "Validate Entity Relationships"

rev:: 0.4 = 2012-03-23 = Re-organized system requirements into
`functional' and `technical' categories; Updated glossary organization

rev:: 0.3 = 2012-02-15 = Added requirement for internal hyperlinks,
updated template function requirements, updated all requirement status
(informal) and supplied status explanations.

rev:: 0.2 = 2011-06-16 = Added a significant number of new data format
requirements plus other constraints like the data format must use
7-bit ASCII and be human readable.

rev:: 0.1 = 2011-04-08 = Initial draft.

---REVISIONS

#---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Introduction

type:: chapter

This is the Functional Requirements Document (FRD) for a ~~structured
manuscript data format~~.  The required data format will be used to
represent book, article, and report manuscripts that will be published
to multiple document renditions by a publishing application.

Intended applications of this data format include: (1) requirements
documentation, (2) design documentation, (3) test documentation, (4)
training documentation, and (5) project plans.

The overarching purpose of the data format is to enable authors to
create modular, re-usable documents and document fragments they can
automatically publish to multiple different renditions.  Authors
shouldn't have to re-write the same information twice.  Therefore they
need the capability to combine and re-use fragments of documents to
create whole documents.

Why call it a ``structured manuscript'' data format?

The term ~~structured~~ implies information can be modularly organized
and can contain predefined relationships.

A ~~manuscript~~ contains manually created written information.  The
term implies it is the ~~original~~ version as opposed to a duplicated
or published version.

The concept of a ``structured manuscript'' aligns well with the
overarching purpose to enable authors to create modular, re-usable
documents and document fragments they can automatically publish to
multiple different document renditions.

# include::$r9648$: problems/rq-000005.txt # Minimize Presentation Markup
# include::$r6525$: problems/rq-000009.txt # Represent Special Features

#---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Key Terms and Definitions

This section defines key terms used in this document.  The glossary
contains a complete collection of terms and their definitions.

= [g:ieee:baseline] = [def:ieee:baseline]

= [g:ieee:allocated baseline] = [def:ieee:allocated baseline]

= [g:cmmi:bidirectional traceability] = [def:cmmi:bidirectional traceability]

= [g:BRD] = [def:BRD]

= [g:sml:business requirement] = [def:sml:business requirement]

= [g:sml:compliance directive] = [def:sml:compliance directive]

= [g:ieee:component] = [def:ieee:component]

= [g:cmmi:customer requirement] = [def:cmmi:customer requirement]

= [g:sml:demonstration] = [def:sml:demonstration]

= [g:cmmi:derived requirements] = [def:cmmi:derived requirements]

= [g:ieee:design requirement] = [def:ieee:design requirement]

= [g:sml:feasibility] = [def:sml:feasibility]

= [g:sml:FRD] = [def:sml:FRD]

= [g:cmmi:functional analysis] = [def:cmmi:functional analysis]

= [g:cmmi:functional architecture] = [def:cmmi:functional architecture]

= [g:ieee:functional baseline] = [def:ieee:functional baseline]

= [g:ieee:functional configuration audit] = [def:ieee:functional configuration audit]

= [g:sml:functional requirement] = [def:sml:functional requirement]

= [g:sml:Functional Requirements Document] = [def:sml:Functional Requirements Document]

= [g:ieee:functional specification] = [def:ieee:functional specification]

= [g:ieee:interface requirement] = [def:ieee:interface requirement]

= [g:ieee:implementation requirement] = [def:ieee:implementation requirement]

= [g:sml:mission directive] = [def:sml:mission directive]

= [g:sml:non-functional requirement] = [def:sml:non-functional requirement]

= [g:sml:operational baseline] = [def:sml:operational baseline]

= [g:cmmi:operational scenario] = [def:cmmi:operational scenario]

= [g:ieee:performance requirement] = [def:ieee:performance requirement]

= [g:ieee:physical requirement] = [def:ieee:physical requirement]

= [g:ieee:product baseline] = [def:ieee:product baseline]

= [g:cmmi:product requirements] = [def:cmmi:product requirements]

= [g:ieee:qualification requirement] = [def:ieee:qualification requirement]

= [g:sml:release] = [def:sml:release]

= [g:sml:requirement] = [def:sml:requirement]

= [g:cmmi:requirements analysis] = [def:cmmi:requirements analysis]

= [g:cmmi:requirements elicitation] = [def:cmmi:requirements elicitation]

= [g:cmmi:requirements management] = [def:cmmi:requirements management]

= [g:ieee:requirements phase] = [def:ieee:requirements phase]

= [g:ieee:requirements specification] = [def:ieee:requirements specification]

= [g:cmmi:requirements traceability] = [def:cmmi:requirements traceability]

= [g:sml:requirements traceability matrix] = [def:sml:requirements traceability matrix]

= [g:sml:RTM] = [def:sml:RTM]

= [g:sml:shall statement] = [def:sml:shall statement]

= [g:sml:SRD] = [def:sml:SRD]

= [g:ieee:SRR] = [def:ieee:SRR]

= [g:ieee:software requirements review] = [def:ieee:software requirements review]

= [g:ieee:Software Requirements Specification] = [def:ieee:Software Requirements Specification]

= [g:ieee:System Requirements Review] = [def:ieee:System Requirements Review]

= [g:sml:systems engineering] = [def:sml:systems engineering]

= [g:sml:system requirement] = [def:sml:system requirement]

= [g:sml:technical requirement] = [def:sml:technical requirement]

= [g:ieee:testability] = [def:ieee:testability]

= [g:ieee:traceability] = [def:ieee:traceability]

= [g:ieee:traceability matrix] = [def:ieee:traceability matrix]

= [g:sml:use case] = [def:sml:use case]

= [g:ieee:validation] = [def:ieee:validation]

= [g:ieee:verification] = [def:ieee:verification]

= [g:ieee:verification and validation] = [def:ieee:verification and validation]

#---------------------------------------------------------------------

* Requirements

type:: chapter

label:: requirements

include::*: auto/frd-sml-problems.txt

######################################################################
# Backmatter

include:: incl/glossary-sml.txt

include:: incl/glossary-ieee.txt

include:: incl/glossary-cmmi.txt

include:: incl/sources.txt

include:: incl/sources-ieee.txt

include:: incl/sources-cmmi.txt

######################################################################
# Local Emacs Variables
#

# Local Variables:
# mode: outline
# mode: fill
# coding: us-ascii
# fill-column: 70
# End:

######################################################################

<<<DOCUMENT

>>>RESOURCES
834e76751ecb6d5aa9c9b5b70b0a17b3dbc38d2d auto/frd-sml-problems.txt
8e2f83308edfd091af3be471a40fadab6331a820 incl/glossary-cmmi.txt
6cc38b489395380b94fd2eb1b613422d01e0f77a incl/glossary-ieee.txt
b135f12b52f258b5a24258151c58c07b87981bdb incl/glossary-sml.txt
b24fe394af677b82414286f692203da27544d041 incl/sources-cmmi.txt
bcb470316772f86a615d31273911d4f02ef80e98 incl/sources-ieee.txt
2d438a12210cf179d43abaf0867b5b505c9c8af7 incl/sources.txt
<<<RESOURCES
